you
hey guys this is Jimmy from Ikea limited
calm today I'm going to show you our
ultra-thin aluminium keyboard case for
the iPad the same product is also
available for the iPad means so and they
work in exactly the same way so for
today's demonstration I'm going to show
you how it works with a large iPad which
includes the iPad 2 iPad 3 and iPad 4 so
this is the case basically it's a it's a
Bluetooth keyboard with a slot right
here that allows you to to stand up an
iPad in the proper typing angle it's a
full sized keyboard it basically has a
very similar design to the Apple
Bluetooth keyboard you know super finish
white keys you have a right here is the
off switch along with a reconnect button
that in case you want to link the
keyboard to a different iPad you guys be
charging port the keyboard has a
built-in Bluetooth battery that will
that takes about four to five hours to
charge and it lasts about 55 hours of
active use 90 days standby the outside
is just a you know
nicely finished aluminum very similar to
the iPad finish this keyboard also
functions as a case you can see there's
a loop kind of around the keyboard which
allows you to take the iPad like this
and then basically are just clip there
it just clicks in place and then it
becomes a case and protects the iPad or
the front screen all the corners all
four corners in the sides the only area
that it doesn't protect is the backside
okay so here on the back you still show
off the Apple logo when you're ready to
use it
you basically grab this little notch
right here flip it open to you know kind
of unlock it set it in put it in the
slot and here you have you have a set up
at a perfect typing angle it does have a
screen does have a smart cover future so
when you close the iPad it automatically
sets it to sleep and then when you open
it you will wake up automatically
so I'm going to show you how to link the
keyboard to the iPad it's a very simple
process so what you need to do is go to
System Preferences on the iPad click on
Bluetooth it's going to be search it's
going to search for the for the device
basically you take the keyboard and just
basically turning down you'll see a
little blue light here that kind of
starts blinking and you'll see blue
Bluetooth keyboard for iPad it's not
paired so we're gonna click on that he
wants you to enter 3765 on the on the
keyboard then press the Enter key so I'm
gonna enter three seven six five into
her and here the iPad is connected now
if I go to say Safari if I start typing
something you'll see the keys pop up on
the on the screen I'm making let me just
type in let's say I'm typing Apple
then you will take you right to the
Apple website it also has a bunch of
function keys up here which is not
really a nice feature so he has a
dedicated homescreen key you press that
no matter what application you're in
it'll take you back to the home screen
you have the search button here it'll
bring up the search screen you have the
brightness control from right right from
the keyboard
this one here accesses your iPhoto
library and also when you're in
different modes you can kind of switch
your keyboard mode right from the
keyboard right here very nice keyboard
very thin lightweight and it does offer
a great protection for your iPad very
sleek we've been selling a lot of these
two businesses school teachers lawyers
accountants you know people were on the
go and need a very stylish keyboard or
you know at the keyboard and a case at
the same time without adding a lot of
bulk he still keeps it very thin a very
low profile so there's our ultra-thin
Bluetooth keyboard case hope you liked
the product if you'd like to place an
order you can go to our website at
www.att.com/biz
you